His Majesty is here
Long live my emperor long live my emperor
All Aiqing, get down, thank you, Your Majesty
Today I want to talk about the reward of light
Although His Majesty is heavy on thunder
In just seven days, the price of grain in Clearwater City was as low as 80.
Because he has always been the talent of Wang Zu
Your Majesty, please reuse it.
Try to take the clouds in the world
Always create great strength
even
Some extraordinary weapons made of clear water
Now stand tall and rebel
His Majesty Haixiang's Merit Sharing
overweight method
Chendang Buyi
Li will open a competition for the people of a city
Now 100,000 people in Lijiang City are placed in the midst of water and fire
The envoy is a tyrant
Despised by the annals of history
Lord Yan, tell me
What the old minister wanted to say has been said
However, if the matter of Lijiang City is not controlled quickly
Let the Liang family continue to skyrocket
Once there is a riot
Sweep the world
Set aside the sinners of this world
Your Majesty is willing to go to Linjiang City to share His Majesty's worries
Black champion Dahan
The black champion cares about the people
It is my model
It is said that the price of grain in Linjiang City has skyrocketed
But how did I hear about the grain price in Linjiang City?
It's already as low as 70 yuan.
Ah!
How is this possible?
The price of grain has been reduced to 70 yuan per bucket
70 Wen Yidou
Didn't you hear the news two days ago?
Did you say you broke through the 200-character battle?
This is Linjiang Chengfu Cliff Crossing the River
The memorial sent on urgent last night
It clearly says two days ago
The price of grain in Linjiang City plummeted to 70 mosquitoes a day
Even now it's continuing to decline.
Sun En Gao Yang of Duke Ding
Order the posting of interviews
The price of grain shall not be less than 150 yuan for first-class sale
It took advantage of the greed of Shang Fake
Let the merchants outside the city go to Linjiang City one after another
As for other means
It's clearly written above
Wait and see for yourself
A pillar talent
Narrow-minded people like you are crazy about playing the river
My heart aches.
The world has such a means
But that ordered
Rebuild county pressure
In the year of the disaster, such a Qing event was held
Isn't this a fish for the common people?
What's the explanation for that?
As for this question
Cui Aiqing is curious
I am also curious
Xuanlin River City Supervision Imperial History Lamb
Xuanlin River City Supervision Imperial History Chaoyang